daran cloister spends hours a day in his
vehicle it's his office the place where
it keeps thousands of dollars worth of
equipment so when someone broke inside
you can't describe it just a sick
feeling in your stomach his laptop
GPS system and digital camera all swiped
and he knew there was little police
could do police are bogged down they've
got lots of work to do and I mean a
laptop in the grand scheme let's face it
it's not a big thing but it was a big
deal for Cory Stroh
so he went online to do some sleuthing
of his own that's what he stumbled upon
this just stolen an online tool to help
you track down your stolen goods the
idea is really quite simple you log into
the website and type in the serial
numbers of your stolen items that
information goes into a database now
when police recover stolen items they
can log on and if they find a match you
get an email basically our goal here is
to reunite the the owner with their
property
Tellem Shea is a patrol officer near
Boston he started the site a year ago so
far forty thousand victims have
registered personal items ten thousand
of them from Canada creating a North
American database of stolen goods we do
suspect that quite a bit of property
that that this phone here in the u.s.
ends up in Canada and vice versa you
know a lot of stuff that's slow on a
Canada probably ends up here in the
United States because it's just that
much harder to trace it back and even
though RCMP have their own database
that's been used for decades it admits
just stolen has some merits especially
for travelers you never know you might
get in a reply someday we found your
camera choice trey is still waiting for
that call but he hasn't given up hope
that somehow someday his items will
return now that is very cool Mike joins
us now this is look there's that's an
American web site but there's also a
Canadian one
yeah it's called scenic and it's
actually been around for three decades
and very similar concept you register
your items online you can actually
browse through stolen items as well
you've had your iPod so I'm going on and
see if it's there 185,000 stolen
vehicles but they're Dubrow
through 485,000 miscellaneous items no
that's a kind of well and it takes it a
step further you can register people you
can register people I know it sounds
weird but it makes sense it's called The
Wanderers list and if you have a family
member who maybe has Alzheimer's they're
known to order on the house you can
register them online and a pharisee
appear police come across them they can
take the name into the system and they
can give you call that sounds amazing
what about little kids cuz little kids
are so net savvy the state these days
are they getting on top of this too they
are actually the creator of the American
website just stolen dotnet so they had a
12 year olds in Texas register their
iPods amazing record it's 12 gather be
you know taking responsibility for their
their personal items I have a really
young age to know webs really open up a
whole new world
no kidding that's amazing